Add addon documentation (#313)
typed-ember/glint: docs/ember/authoring-addons.md

As described in the [Using Addons] guide, the *easy* way for users is to import a file from the addon containing all the registry entries. This is for the most common case in which the app is consuming the addon provided components, helpers and modifiers as they are. The convention here is for the addon - when published on npm - to provide a `glint.d.ts` file, that the app will import as `import 'awesome-addon/glint'`. For a (v1) addon using [`ember-cli-typescript`][ect] this would be a `/addon/glint.ts` file, which needs to contain all the registry entries for all the public components (helpers, modifiers) the addon exposes to the app (in the addon's `/app` tree):

{% code title="addon/glint.ts" %}

```typescript
import type ButtonComponent from 'awesome-addon/components/button';
import type ModalComponent from 'awesome-addon/components/modal';

declare module '@glint/environment-ember-loose/registry' {
  export default interface Registry {
    AwesomeButton: typeof ButtonComponent;

>     AwesomeModal: typeof ModalComponent;

Author: Uh, really? I was actually developing that specific habbit, to disambiguate between different things (components, models, services etc.) that might share the same base name. But also I am not willing to die on that hill! :wink:

>     AwesomeModal: typeof ModalComponent;

Reviewer: The reason it's *distinctly* not preferable for components is: when you *invoke* a component, you don't invoke it as `<AwesomeButtonComponent>`, you invoke it as `<AwesomeButton>`. Particular in a world with First-Class Component Templates and Glint-powered auto-import (…once we implement that 😉), you'll want to be able to type `<Awesome` and hit <kbd>^</kbd><kbd>␣</kbd> and have it autocomplete to `AwesomeButton` *not* to `AwesomeButtonComponent`.

Otherwise, imagine this:

```js
import AwesomeFormComponent from './awesome-form';
import AwesomeButtonComponent from './awesome-button';
import AwesomeInputComponent from './awesome-input';

<template>
  <AwesomeFormComponent as |form|>
    <AwesomeInputComponent @value={{@name}} @update={{@setName}} @label="Name" />
    <AwesomeButtonComponent @type='submit' @action={{form.submit}} />
  </AwesomeFormComponent>
</template>
```

😬 😬 😬 

This is clearly (to me at least!) very much preferable:

```js
import AwesomeForm from './awesome-form';
import AwesomeButton from './awesome-button';
import AwesomeInput from './awesome-input';

<template>
  <AwesomeForm as |form|>
    <AwesomeInput @value={{@name}} @update={{@setName}} @label="Name" />
    <AwesomeButton @type='submit' @action={{form.submit}} />
  </AwesomeForm>
</template>
```

Beyond components—it's quite reasonable to use that pattern to disambiguate models, services, controllers, etc., at least to a degree. (Routes and controllers are particularly in need of disambiguation even so, as you nearly always have matching pairs of them!) That said, I personally try to solve the overlap by giving things the best names that I can for the module they're coming from and then using modules as namespaces or *occasionally* by renaming it at the point of export. On the other hand, `Session` *might* be an object representing the session state separately from a `SessionService`, but unless it's actually ambiguous in my codebase, I would tend to name the service `Session` and give it a `state` property or some such. Then I would name the latter `State` inside that module and tak advantage of the fact that externally I can rename it on importing it if I *need* to disambiguate it:

```ts
import { type State as SessionState } from '../services/session';
```

Or, alternatively, I could do it when exporting it:

```ts
export { type State as SessionState };
```

But here I think it’s much more arguable than components, where the way we use them means it just basically *never* makes sense to have the suffix on them in my opinion!

    // ...
  }
}
```

{% endcode %}

While this easy way, which only requires the app to import this single file, is sufficient for the majority of cases, it also has its limitations. Apps can replace or extend addon provided components (helpers, modifiers), by creating a component in the app itself with the same name. The addon provided types as proposed above will likely not be fully matching, so we also need to support a *flexible* way.

This is given by letting the app manage the registry entries on its own, thereby being able to pick what to import from the addon directly and what to replace with its own custom types.

> There is one caveat though: it is generally recommended for app code to define the registry entries right in the actual file itself, so that it is nicely co-located with the signature and implementation. But when the app would import such a module from an addon, TypeScript would see that registry declaration and apply it, which is what we want to prevent, so the app can do that. So for addons it is recommended that all the registry entries are only added to the `addon/glint.ts` file as described above, and *not* to the file of the actual class!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note: in apps, we generally define the registry entries right in the actual file itself so that it is nicely co-located with the signature and implementation. If an app imported such a module from an addon, though, TypeScript would see the registry declaration there and apply it, which is exactly what we want to prevent. For addons it is therefore recommended that all the registry entries are only added to the `addon/glint.ts` file as described above, and *not* to the file containing the actual class!
```
